Improve systemd configuration and metric names (docs) (#4314)
DataDog/integrations-core: systemd/README.md

> Some metrics are reported only if the respective configurations are enable:

Reviewer: `enabled`.

Author: 👍 fixed

> Some metrics are reported only if the respective configurations are enable:

Author: ```suggestion
Some metrics are reported only if the respective configuration are enabled:
```
